com/example/groupproject_g3/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.activities.MainActivity
 com.example.groupproject_g3.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.activities.MainActivity$MainPushMessageReceiver
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentWeatherDayItemBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentWeatherDayItemBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageContactBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageContactBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherHourItem.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherHourItem
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/ActivityAuthorizationBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.ActivityAuthorizationBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/home/fragments/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.home.fragments.HomeFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherFragmentDirections
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentSignInBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentSignInBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherBasicInformation.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherBasicInformation
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherForecastFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherForecastFragmentDirections
com/example/groupproject_g3/authorization/fragments/RegisterFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.RegisterFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageProfileBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageProfileBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherCurrentViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherCurrentViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherCurrentViewModel$1
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/AddChatFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.AddChatFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentWeatherHourItemBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentWeatherHourItemBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageChatMessageBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageChatMessageBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/contact/fragments/ContactFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.ContactFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/authorization/fragments/SignInFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/authorization/fragments/SignInFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInFragmentArgs
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherSearchFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherSearchFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageWeatherBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageWeatherBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageChatBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageChatBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/contact/fragments/AddContactFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.AddContactFragment
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.AddContactFragment$SpinnerActivity
com/example/groupproject_g3/contact/fragments/ContactRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.ContactRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.ContactRecyclerViewAdapter$ContactViewHolder
com/example/groupproject_g3/authorization/fragments/SignInViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInViewModel$1
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherViewModel
com/example/groupproject_g3/authorization/fragments/RegisterFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.RegisterFragmentDirections
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.RegisterFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.RegisterFragmentDirections$ActionRegisterFragmentToSignInFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentAddContactBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentAddContactBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageHomeBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageHomeBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/model/PushyTokenViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.PushyTokenViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.PushyTokenViewModel$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.PushyTokenViewModel$2
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.PushyTokenViewModel$RegisterForPushNotificationsAsync
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/SpinnerItemBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.SpinnerItemBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/ChatFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherSearchFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherSearchFragmentDirections
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/ChatRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatRecyclerViewAdapter$MessageViewHolder
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/ChatSendViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatSendViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatSendViewModel$1
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherForecastViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherForecastViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherForecastViewModel$1
com/example/groupproject_g3/contact/fragments/AddContactFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.AddContactFragmentDirections
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageWeatherForecastBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageWeatherForecastBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentContactItemBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentContactItemBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/contact/fragments/ContactItem.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.ContactItem
com/example/groupproject_g3/services/PushReceiver.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.services.PushReceiver
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/ChatViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatViewModel$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatViewModel$2
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/AddChatFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.AddChatFragmentDirections
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentPageWeatherSearchBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentPageWeatherSearchBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentWeatherCurrentBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentWeatherCurrentBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/model/NewMessageCountViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.NewMessageCountViewModel
com/example/groupproject_g3/utils/PasswordValidator.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.utils.PasswordValidator
 com.example.groupproject_g3.utils.PasswordValidator$ValidationResult
com/example/groupproject_g3/model/UserInfoViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.UserInfoViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.UserInfoViewModel$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.model.UserInfoViewModel$UserInfoViewModelFactory
com/example/groupproject_g3/contact/fragments/ContactsViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.ContactsViewModel
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.ContactsViewModel$1
com/example/groupproject_g3/io/RequestQueueSingleton.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.io.RequestQueueSingleton
 com.example.groupproject_g3.io.RequestQueueSingleton$1
com/example/groupproject_g3/profile/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.profile.fragments.ProfileFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherForecastRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherForecastRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherForecastRecyclerViewAdapter$ForecastInfoViewHolder
com/example/groupproject_g3/activities/AuthorizationActivity.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.activities.AuthorizationActivity
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherDayItem.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherDayItem
com/example/groupproject_g3/contact/fragments/ContactFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.contact.fragments.ContactFragmentDirections
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentAddChatBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentAddChatBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/activities/MainActivityArgs.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.activities.MainActivityArgs
 com.example.groupproject_g3.activities.MainActivityArgs$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.activities.MainActivityArgs$Builder
com/example/groupproject_g3/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.BuildConfig
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/FragmentRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.FragmentRegisterBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/weather/fragments/WeatherForecastFragment.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.weather.fragments.WeatherForecastFragment
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/ChatFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatFragmentDirections
com/example/groupproject_g3/authorization/fragments/RegisterViewModel.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.RegisterViewModel
com/example/groupproject_g3/authorization/fragments/SignInFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInFragmentDirections
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.groupproject_g3.authorization.fragments.SignInFragmentDirections$ActionSignInFragmentToMainActivity
com/example/groupproject_g3/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/groupproject_g3/chat/fragments/ChatMessage.java
 com.example.groupproject_g3.chat.fragments.ChatMessage
